updated roadmap (#1323)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/roadmap.md

The WebView2 team is planning the following major efforts for future updates.  

H2 2021:
* Desktop UWP Preview

H1 2022:
* Desktop UWP GA

H2 2022 & Beyond:
* MacOS Preview
* Xbox Preview

> * HoloLens Preview

Reviewer: @jasonstephen15  - re: MacOS, Xbox, and HoloLens - are these related to UWP releases?

Author: No, they are seperate releases we don't have too much more specifc info about

The .NET SDK has reached GA. 

### WinUI 3

> You can access WebView2 in your applications using [Win UI 3][UwpToolkitsWinui3Index] via WindowsAppSDK. This is currently in preview with GA set for October. For more info visit the WindowsAppSDK [roadmap][WindowsAppSDKRoadmap].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access WebView2 controls in your applications using [Win UI 3][UwpToolkitsWinui3Index] with the Windows App SDK. This is currently in preview. For more information, navigate to the [Windows App SDK roadmap][WindowsAppSDKRoadmap].
```

### WinUI 2

> WebView2 will be supported in UWP applications via WinUI 2. The team is aiming for a public preview in H2 2021. More info to come!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebView2 will be supported in UWP applications using WinUI 2, which will be in preview later this year.
```
